Bring together NMOS references from LiveIP and Metadata sections into one place (#160)
ebu/awesome-broadcasting: README.md

* [iPerf3](https://iperf.fr/) - The TCP, UDP and SCTP network bandwidth measurement tool.
* [SMPTE 2110-20 Analyzer](https://github.com/ebu/smpte2110-analyzer) - Analyzer to inspect network packets generated in accordance with SMPTE ST 2110.

## NMOS

> The [Networked Media Open Specifications](https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos) are themselves open source.
> 
> * [AMWA NMOS Testing Tool](https://amwa-tv.github.io/nmos-testing) - Automated test suites for the AMWA NMOS family of specifications, as used in the [JT-NM Tested](https://jt-nm.org/jt-nm_tested/) programme

Reviewer: NMOS spec docs have now moved to https://specs.amwa.tv/

```suggestion
The [Networked Media Open Specifications](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos) are themselves open source.

* [AMWA NMOS Testing Tool](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-testing) - Automated test suites for the AMWA NMOS family of specifications, as used in the [JT-NM Tested](https://jt-nm.org/jt-nm_tested/) programme
```
